What else we need, to do,
is we need to find, our ability to,
add it to do that's probably
the easiest place to start.
So, in order to add it to do,
we're gonna add an event to our input and
interestingly enough to do MVC example.
I mean,
we could just use one of the on blur,
on change events, actually, typically.
But to do MVC actually has more
functionality built into it,
whether we'll get all the way there.
So we're actually going to,
for now I guess we'll we'll
use a blur event we can change it
let's go later if we need to but
this input here I'm actually
gonna use onChange specifically.
Some developers coming from
certain frameworks have
completely mangled
the meaning of onChange.
OnChange is an event that only
fires when the focus is blurred,
lost from the element when it's changed.
If it hasn't changed, it won't fire, and
it only fires when you leave the element.
So there's another native DOM event called
on input that happens whenever the key
presses strokes.
But there are some other certain
frameworks and different conventions here.
Even though the way the actual DOM works.
The change event only fires when
you actually leave the elements.
So it's important to know this and
for our to do example,
we don't actually care that every
keystroke triggers an event
we only care when we actually,
leave it, so to speak.
Actually, after giving that spiel,
I've decided I'm just gonna go with
keydown anyways just because I can.
So, disregard that anyways, or
don't disregard it remember that, but
we're gonna do onKeyDown anyways,
because I'm gonna keep it closer to
the actual real to do some examples.
So we're gonna make an addTodo function.
Okay?
Okay onKeyDown we're gonna have to do but
I just wanted to point that that one
out there it's one of those interesting
differences that people
tend to get caught up on.
So how do we add it to do well,
we're gonna make a function to addTodo and
our Todo function is essentially going to
let's think of the best way to put this.
We're just gonna push
the item onto the list.
What we'll have is we're
gonna have an event, right?
And our event is gonna have
a target with some text on it,
which is gonna be from our input.
So we're gonna go,
let's get the title first.
So it's gonna be like
event.target.value and
we're actually gonna trim it
because we don't need empty space
on the ends of our to Todos right and
essentially if the event.keyCode now,
this is the enter key.
This will be relevant later but
if it's the enter key and
there is a title I'll
give you the keyCode for
enter in just a moment then we're
gonna update some stuff okay so.
Up at the top here,
I'm gonna just will add a couple
keyCodes here that will come in later.
If you've ever implemented
to do MVC specifically you
will have hit this before but
we're gonna so
we're gonna do this ENTER_KEY and
we're gonna do ESCAPE_KEY.
This is important when we add
editing functionality a bit later.
But let's see here.
So ENTER_KEY ESCAPE_ KEY.
And so if there is a title and
the person clicked enter,
then we need to add it and in our case,
we're gonna do something
fairly straightforward.
We're gonna say setTodos and
then we haven't covered this yet
on our signals because we've
been just setting a value but
our signals actually
take a functional form.
So what we can do is we can
get the current todos and
parse like a function form in
like this and actually go,
actually we wanna take the current todos,
copy them, and
then add a new todo to the end,
which has an id,
which is our counter plus plus, let's say.
And, completed:false.
And we'll add, the title will be
just the title that we just had.
So see if this all things yeah so
setTodos current todos return
an array spread it in and
then add the new todos to the end sorry
let me keep that on the screen for
a second so
make sure everyone everyone's got that
I'm actually gonna remove
this todo here for a moment.
And if everything is still building okay,
we have some stuff going on.
If I type something and click enter,
of course you can see there's
already a couple problems with this.
I'm not clearing the input
after each one and
it just keeps on adding as
many as I want here, right?
So what we're gonna do,
in addition to setting those
todos we're gonna need to actually
handle our title a little
bit differently we're or
actually not differently so
not yet what we need to do
actually simply just clear
the title from our event,
target, essentially.
So target.value="".
All right.
Internal Server Error, fun.
See if that actually,
it's cuz I put in the wrong spot.
We only need to clear the title if
it actually is in the if statement.
So now this should basically working,
so what do we have, learn SolidJS.
Do something else, okay?
So now we have this but
it's not completely working
because we need to actually
do some stuffs for
at least when we're checking
stuffs it's not completing,
when have no other functionalities.